Updating breaking changes, as per 3.7 (#8175)
flutter/website: src/release/breaking-changes/trackpad-gestures.md

```

> Please note: Use of raw `Listener` in this way could cause conflicts with other

Reviewer: **chore:** Per [GSG](https://developers.google.com/style/tone#politeness-and-use-of-please), remove `Please`.

**question:** Should this be in a note block?

gesture interactions as it doesn't participate in the gesture disambiguation arena.

### For gesture interactions not suitable for trackpad usage

#### Using `GestureDetector`

If using Flutter 3.3.0, `RawGestureDetector` could be used instead of `GestureDetector`
to ensure each `GestureRecognizer` created by the `GestureDetector` has
`supportedDevices` set to exclude `PointerDeviceKind.trackpad`. Starting in

> version 3.4.0, there is a `supportedDevices` parameter directly on
> `GestureDetector`.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Change this to active voice?
```suggestion
version 3.4.0, `GestureDetector` added a `supportedDevices` parameter.
```

#### Using `RawGestureRecognizer`

Explicitly ensure that `supportedDevices`

> doesn't include `PointerDeviceKind.trackpad`.

Reviewer: **question:** Why does this need to be `explicitly`? Can the developer add the `.trackpad` option without Flutter returning an error?

#### Using `GestureRecognizer` and `Listener`

After upgrading to Flutter 3.3.0, there won't be a change in behavior, as

> `addPointerPanZoom` must be called on each `GestureRecognizer` to allow

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Imperative tone may read better here.
```suggestion
To allow `GestureRecognizer` to track gestures, call `addPointerPanZoom` on each `GestureRecognizer` method.
```
